[Music]
thank you
Cruiser is one of those franchises that
began on the PlayStation 2 and went on
to become one of the most prominent
series of games to this day as with most
long-running series especially those
developed in Japan a few entries never
got their chance to arrive in the west
and black leopard was one of them they
saw you taking up the role of Yukio
tatsuya a former high school student
that's dropped out and suddenly finds
himself wrapped up in the CD underworld
in the city as you would expect street
fighting plays a huge role and it's
essentially the same basic system fans
would have come to know and loved from
the previous games but with an extra
twist in the form of being able to
customize tatsuya's fighting style a lot
more than you ever could before after
every fight tatsuya earns General
experience as well as style points which
could be used to level up certain
fighting styles such as boxing Judo Jiu
Jitsu mutai and so on some are much more
useful than others against certain
opponents but the possibility exists for
the player to make tatsuya into an
absolute juggernaut with one or two
Styles heavily preferred for others as
with most games in the series there's
also a range of mini games to get stuck
into as well from the Charming to the
more obscure like having to stop a group
of onlookers getting too close to a
stripper whilst he dances this humor and
attitude fans have come to the one love
is in full swing I'll be in the PSP
installment of a series that was
previously on the PS2 on Playstation 3.
definite Cuts had to be made and instead
offering up fixed camera angles allowing
much more attention to be directed
towards the character models that look
on par with the big brother Home console
versions if you're a fan of the series
and have a PSP handy then black leopard
like a dragon would make for a perfect
choice when looking for something new to
jump into on the handheld
Warriors of the Lost Empire is
essentially a Dungeon Crawler that
borrows much from the likes of Dynasty
Warriors with its major focus on
musso-inspired mechanics you get to
choose from four different characters
who naturally have their own attributes
and advantages of battle it's not much
in the way a story with your goal being
to bring peace back to our land that's
been in chaos since an emperor left
their post to find a lifelong friend
it's not exactly gonna win any Oscars
but it at least provides some contacts
as to why you're even here thankfully
the gameplay more than makes up for the
lack of narrative and as with most
Dungeon Crawlers you'll find yourself
visiting a wide variety of locations in
order to grab as many new items and
weapons as you can in each Run character
progression takes center stage and as
you progress through the adventure
you'll level up and be able to avenge
your stats to your liking as well as
what weapons you're packing from swords
to axes and Bows there's plenty on offer
that all cater to a wide variety of play
Styles allowing the player to settle
into their group and focus on what
aspects they enjoy the most now leveling
up is where a lot of people are going to
be divided on this one this is a very
simple game and that means leveling up
literally comes down to going through
dungeons beating on enemies finding the
accent to the next level and repeating
the loop until you come to the final
floor and go Toe to Toe with the boss it
was usually just a bigger theater
version of Bones you've been beat around
in the other areas the item system
complements the leveling quite nicely
though with many of the objects you find
are able to be combined with your
weapons to further enhance their
properties now when it comes to Graphics
Warriors of the Lost Empire is quite
basic there's a nice range of enemies to
encounter who each have Unique Designs
and animations that help bring some life
to the action but the backgrounds are
quite uninspired and never really add to
the overall visual formula of the
experience Warriors of the Lost Empire
is far from perfect but if you look into
hack and slash your way through hordes
of enemies and manage your weapons and
attributes in a meaningful way and there
are far worse games to spend your free
time on
BlackRock shooter introduces the player
to a world ravaged by an evil Alien
Force but the last remnants of humanity
putting all of their stock in the
titular arm Cannon wielding girl the
franchise revolves around when compared
to the anime or Manga there are several
differences from How The Story plays out
so new comments or Veterans of the
series will still have something new to
experience each Mission will have you
moving from point A to B defeating a
bunch of enemies named rinse and repeat
on the surface this might sound a bit
monotonous but thanks to the intricacies
of the battle system there's more than
enough variety to help spice up the
action BlackRock has a few different
abilities at a disposal she can fire her
iconic arm Cannon block and Dodge fire
him is simple enough you aim at the
analog step with the game locking on to
the nearest enemy whereas blocking
reduces the damage you take but does not
stop it entirely and this is where Dodge
encounter dodging is the only way you
can move during battle with the players
standing in place otherwise like Byron
or dodging it fills up something known
as a hip age which causes dropped with
heat when it reaches 100 with your
regular fire getting refer the higher
the gauge is preventing you from
constantly shooting and dodging but
that's not all as BlackRock has the
chance to add several combat and passive
skills to her Arsenal as well the player
gets to choose up to four combat
abilities that naturally blow the
absolute [__] out of any kind of area
whereas an infinite number of passive
skills can be used by the player which
mostly boosts your stats or recover hell
all put together it is a great system
and offers some of the most engaging
combat to your legacy on PSP the
seamless blend of third-person shooting
mechanics and RPG elements offer up the
perfect cocktail while the difficulty
keeps a lid on the player's progression
breath while not the best game on the
system by any means BlackRock shooter is
still an adventure worth taking
especially if you're a fan of the source
material
Queen's Blade is one of those games that
you'll only ever see come out Japan as
it's pretty much a mix of Orphans
Japanese you've got anime srpgs fan
service and waifus but lingering
underneath the somewhat questionable top
layer is a game filled to the brim with
strategy and reward for those familiar
with games like Fire Emblem or Disgaea
you'll instantly feel right at home but
the game largely being split up into two
separate parts first you've got the
story which plays out through various
cutscenes throughout the campaign and
then the battles themselves which serve
as the real star of the show it all
takes place on a grid with the player
having the ability to move and interact
with enemies and units alike movement
consumes action points or AP for short
and depending on how much you have left
it dictates how high your combos will be
once you get into a fight each time you
engage an enemy both sides got a chance
to attack so don't expect to completely
roll over the opposition in your face
naturally each unit possesses different
attributes such as strength and beauty
which all have a role to play with the
system to taking on the sort of rock
paper scissors approach where strength
units deal more and receive less damage
from beauty units and so on so there are
some things to consider when you choose
who's attacking food especially when it
comes to the far more challenging bosses
littered throughout the game as with
many RPGs it's not just about fighting
world it's Queen's Blade puts a huge
emphasis on Armor and items which have
the potential to increase your chances
of success now visually the Queen's
Blade is quite impressive especially for
those who love well-detailed Sprites of
course the rather risque approach may
have the potential to turn some players
away but like I mentioned earlier if you
can look past this aspect a well thought
out and lubrication srpg awaits you
[Music]
the PSP was no stranger to Quality
Shooters but the likes of gradius and
r-type there was an abundance of options
for players to enjoy this no doubt
contributed to some of the others
largely being forgotten and this is
where star Soldier comes in which
offered up a remake of classic shooter
for a whole new generation to enjoy what
made its take on the genre unique was
the way in which the player would
actually hold the PSP to play the game
it asked you to turn your screen 90
degrees to the right essentially
doubling the playing field and
delivering the world's first portable
taste experience at first this may sound
like a stupid idea but any misgamings
you might have overhauled in the unit
vertically will soon disappear once
you've seen what the super wide display
brings to the table fans of the shooter
genre will find that star Soldier
Harkens back to the no-nonsense days
when shooters were set in outer space
and unconcerned with complicated weapon
setups or scoring formulas enemies
appear and fly by according to preset
patterns you get points for blowing them
up twin weapon setup is just right for
this game because it keeps you switching
between regular bullets and charge
blasts and is just underpowered enough
to ensure that you need to keep your
bullet and Chip dodging skills as sharp
as a nail visually there's no doubt that
star Soldier takes advantage of the
hardware to create an immersive
experience the seamless blender 3D and
2D is incredibly easy on the eyes and
thanks to the super wide aspect ratio
you can apply the enemy's gigantic
designs while you're blowing them to
bits without a snipped frame in sight so
if you've exhausted the more popular
choices when it comes to Shooters on the
PSP star Soldier would make for a
perfect option if you're looking to jump
into something you did but ultimately
rewarding
[Music]
if there was one word that could sum up
kataru man lives it would have to be
bizarre sees you playing as you want a
young boy that transforms into the
infamous guitar Roman thanks to the help
of his talking dog Puma it's his Destiny
to save the planet of kataru you'll have
to use music as your weapons you fight
strange creatures aliens and evildoers
all while on a quest to find true love
this is without one of the most batshit
crazy premises of any game I've covered
but the over-the-top story is carried
brilliantly through a fun art style and
surprisingly decent voice acting that
conveys a journey to be remembered of
course no matter how lovable the
characters and story is it doesn't mean
a thing about solid gameplay guitar
Roman delivers in Spades he sees you
following a line with your analog stick
and pressing a button at the right time
to play a note this is a surprisingly
effective way of emulating the feel that
playing at Guitar especially in harder
levels when Rifts become far more
intense players that are less
experienced with the music genre won't
find themselves having difficulty
getting through the game on its normal
Saturn and at the end of The Campaign
you may be surprised to find another
difficulty level is unlocked Master mode
which will terrify even the most
god-liking players now the game's
soundtrack is absolutely fantastic
there's a bit of jazz a bit of J-pop a
bit of classic rock it's clear that the
developers love music and it shows in
the game's enthusiastic presentation if
there's one fault to finding guitar a
man lives however it's the game's length
the single player game consists of only
seven different levels and you can burn
through it in just a few hours even on
your first time through there are a few
unlockables and Extras that weren't
going through the game once more but I
think they would have benefited from a
few more levels to help round out the
game as a whole sure it's a short game
even with the addition of new tracks and
multiplayer modes but it's nevertheless
unique and still very rewarding
seventh Dragon 2020 was a fairly
significant departure from its
predecessor it changed the setting from
a fantasy world to a post-apocalyptic
Tokyo and ditched the 2D Sprites for an
entirely 3D engine but despite the
changing Saturn the basic story is
largely identical to the DS game the
world is being invaded by dragons
running with them a brand of poisonous
flowers as part of a group that was made
to search the ruins of the city for
survivors you set out to slay the
dragon's occupying the wastelands or the
wild dungeon attacks from a rival group
hellbenton let the world go to ship for
those familiar with the original game
this one has seemingly been dumbed down
a bit with less classes on offer and a
drop from four to three when it comes to
active battle companions this might seem
like a negative at first but that
actually helps streamline the process
growing your characters and taking on
both classes are more balanced and most
of the skills have some use so it's less
likely you'll build a bad character
speaking of battles this is where
Sabbath Dragon excels with the enemies
now being fully animated much like the
DS Dragon Quest remakes while the extra
animations make the battles feel a
little more involving they also don't
move as quickly as before however the
random battle frequency is generally
quite low and can be further reduced
with items and stills and there is
plenty to learn and collect along the
way which will most likely acquire
through something known as DZ a currency
that each of the Dragons drop which can
then be used to prepare your
headquarters with each change you make
you'll eventually add new levels to your
building which results in various
effects including unlocking new skills
or expanding the inventory of the shops
this aspect is vital to progression and
thankfully there's an abundance of size
content that can help those struggling
through the story who may need to work
on their team's proficiency there's no
doubt that the Aesthetics combined with
the scale back design was an attempt to
mix seventh Dragon 2020 feel more like a
modern easily accessible RPG rather than
the intentional throwback of the first
game and in my eyes it totally worked
and allows players all skill levels to
jump in and instantly enjoy the game
[Music]
in fact it is basically 28 Days Later in
the palm of your hands disease-written
zombies are running around the streets
of New York in fact in anyone that
stands in their way you are an arm to
the two fat ass who is the only hope for
Humanity's survival as you probably
guessed it's your job to go from area to
area saving the few Romanian civilians
and taking out as many zombies as you
possibly can which includes plowing
through waves of level chainsaws and
launching a ton of lead into them from
your gun in fact it isn't a Resident
Evil Style zombie Adventure where
ammunition and space and the gameplay is
slow instead you're packing lots of ammo
and constantly running around the main
objective is to weaken your enemies with
shots exposing their blood to the air
and then taking them out with your viral
gun which causes them to explode if you
can weaken a whole group of zombies with
physical attacks and learn them all
together you can perform a combo attack
that creates a truly epic massive zombie
part now as with many games on this list
infected utilizes the PSP to its full
potential ensure its have a simple cell
shaded style isn't the best example of
visual Fidelity but one of the biggest
places in this game is the sheer amount
of on-screen action dozens of zombies
will be coming right at you the game
never slows down combine this with a
range of character creation options and
need to weapon effects like flying
plasma or rockets and I think you'll be
hard-pressed to find a more competent
Graphics engine on the PSP now I
couldn't finish up talking about
infected without mentioned in its
soundtrack which is dominated by the
likes of Slipknot beer factory on
Chimera so anyone who loves heavy metal
is probably going to be pretty pleased
unfortunately I can't play those songs
in a video for obvious reasons but the
way the music almost syncs with the
action this helps Elevate the transit
nature of the gameplay in fact it was
the type of game the PSP needed it had
just the right amount of depth to be
something that was easy to come back to
Macross has always been a huge part of
my life ever since my brother introduced
me to the anime at a young age Macross
Ace Frontier is like The Golden Child of
the franchise when it comes to games and
was created to celebrate the then 25th
anniversary of the franchise
unfortunately it never got the chance to
land in the west but you don't really
need an understanding of Japanese in
order to enjoy it is everything is
pretty self-explanatory but gameplay
follows very closely to that as some of
the PSP Gundam games upon which
macross's engine was built however since
Macross is centered around aerial combat
this aspect of the gun Dimension saw
great improvements the controls are
intuitive with the only gripe being that
the most comfortable scheme has the
flight controls map to the d-pad and the
mode transformation to the analog step
it is kind of strange having to take
your thumb off the flight controls to
transform but this is more a limitation
of the PSP having only one analog and
not a real fault with the game itself
now the combat is fluid and very
pleasing missile Trails follow their
targets Tracer rounds Arc appropriately
and boost of a real sense of speed once
they've kept in it's got to be said
though that the difficulty may have the
potential to result in a few broken
consoles this is a game not afraid to
kick your ass now the profits in Macross
is stunning for the PSP the environments
are a little spots but this is true for
any flight combat or back action paper
the unit models are incredible the level
of detail is great and they are
stunningly animated as well as their
transformation sequences so if you're
fond of the likes of Ace Combat or
Gundam this one will be right up your
street and will in no way disappoint
[Music]
the PSP played hosts with huge range of
solid RPGs but if there is one that has
largely been lost to the annals of time
it has to be the last ranker now it sees
you filling the shoes of a young man
named Zim who is seemingly tired of the
traditions of his hometown Silk's
Adventure instead the opportunity
presents itself in the form of joining
the Rangers a group of powerful warriors
tasked with the protection of the land
the main objective of the game is to
increase your rank and ultimately become
a member of the eight legendary Warriors
within the Rangers pretty standard stuff
but what makes the game Stand Out is
without a doubt its gameplay battles are
mostly Random Encounters but unlike most
RPGs where you have party members it's a
completely solo Affair when the battle
does start you don't see a screen filled
with status bars instead there's only
your HP and SP every action you perform
costs SP but fortunately it replenishes
itself so most of the time you'll find
yourself staring at the bar since you
can't move your character of course this
also means it's flexible about how you
fight and there is actually time is
involved it adds a nice layer of
strategy to each encounter no matter how
small or Grand in nature it helps keep
the player on their toes as your rank
Rises so does your level allowing you to
use different weapon types and
increasing the range of ability to your
disposal by the end of the game you'll
become a juggernaut that can just plow
straight through each enemy which is a
bit of a letdown if I'm being honest but
the struggle to get to this point
requires a clear understanding of the
mechanics ensuring that it's not just
press ax to win right from the beginning
the first thing that'll likely hit you
about last ranker the graphics a lot of
this is background detail and
unfortunately you do not get to explore
in cities with its full extent but a
real sense of grandeur is on clear
display for our presentation is flashy
with bright vibrant colors filling the
menus and bold bars framing the screen
and battle sequences making for an
incredibly stylish game that's bound to
turn some heads so if you run up via
next RPG on the PSP make sure to be the
last ranker alone while that does it for
today's video keep an eye out for part
three is that will be coming up soon so
don't forget to subscribe and hit that
Bell to get notified about new videos
you can follow me on all of the socials
which are linked below to stay up to
date and also join my growing community
on Discord and meet many The like-minded
Gamers to continue the conversation with
I'd like to give a special shout out to
my patreon supporters as well Rhino
skill gym Richard don't tell me what to
do Daniel Paul Dio Homer Strider Pierre
Carl awesome jacketude Prem Coop Galaxy
Alex and Paddy J for their continued
support that helps make these videos
possible if you're interested in joining
my Discord or supporting the channel
through patreon you'll find all of those
links down below as always thanks for
taking the time to watch the video I
will catch you next time
foreign
[Music]